[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: All right.
Let's go back to our chronology.
Last time we visited, you
were telling us about--
they had made you sign a
whole lot of documents,
and then you joined
something called IDARF.
>>JASON RICE: The Interplanetary
Defense and Reaction Forces
were a unit that was border
patrol used for assistance
on other planets.
However, there were a number of
training exercises and training
periods that we
spent here on Earth.
Later in my
deployment, I found out
a lot more information about the
history of the space program--
this one in particular.
>>JAY: And where did
you find this out?
>>RICE: Well, it was while I was
stationed on the second planet
during my second deployment.
And we'll call him
Yohan, a friend of mine
that was also an officer--
German descent.
He was a Mars German.
Not all of them
were arrogant jerks.
Just like our
population here, you
have a mixture of good
people, nice people,
not so nice people, so same
thing with the Mars Germans.
Generally speaking, they
had an arrogant streak
that would put any politician,
actor, or professional athlete
to shame.
And part of that was because
they were genetically modified.
They did have usually stronger,
faster, higher reflexes, higher
IQ.
>>JAY: Wait a minute.
Are you saying that the
German people are some kind
of genetic experiment?
>>RICE: The Mars
German civilization--
they have been tinkering
with their genetics
since they went independent.
During the deployment,
we never would
have talked about any
of this around or near
any senior officer as
well as around any chances
of being recorded.
>>JAY: So it was really--
you weren't supposed
to be talking about what the
history of this whole thing
was?
>>RICE: That's correct.
>>JAY: Well, you must
have been really curious.
>>RICE: Of course I was.
>>JAY: Everybody must
have been really curious
how this all happened.
I mean, everybody
is speaking German,
and we defeated them
in World War II.
And why are we taking
orders from Germans?
>>RICE: Yeah.
Why are all of our
commanding officers
have German descent
or German accent?
>>JAY: So you're already
just curious as hell
when you met Yohan.
>>RICE: Yes.
And during the training early
on, when I first met him,
he knew things about technology
that none of the other trainees
knew.
And so he'd been exposed to it.
I knew that he had.
And they tell and educate
their citizens a lot more
on what really happened.
Now, I am absolutely
certain that they also
provide them with propaganda.
But the origins, what happened
pre- and post-World War II,
what's happened on Earth, their
involvement with alien species,
the lessons that they've learned
from those involvements--
their people are a lot
more educated on that.
>>JAY: So World War II ends.
We know the Germans
were developing the foo
fighters and our
early UFO technology,
but they didn't save
themselves from the allies
at the end of World War II.
They were defeated,
so what happened?
>>RICE: Well, in
the late '30s, there
were a number of
secret societies
and the Vril Society
being one of them,
that the German state absorbed
into their R&D programs.
And they were already
visiting other planets
at the end of the 1930s.
>>JAY: So they had developed
technologies in the '30s?
>>RICE: In the late '30s.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RICE: They had developed
these anti-gravity or saucer
technologies that
allowed them to travel
outside of our atmosphere.
>>JAY: And why didn't
Hitler use this
for fighting in World War II?
>>RICE: Well, he wanted to.
>>JAY: But he didn't.
So why didn't he?
>>RICE: The problem was that
they couldn't outfit these UFOs
with modern
conventional weapons,
because of the second
law of momentum.
They couldn't shoot and
expect it to stay on place.
As you get a force
in this direction,
you're going to get a reaction
in the opposite direction.
And so since it's in the
air, they wouldn't work.
>>JAY: So conventional weaponry
doesn't work with zero-g craft?
>>RICE: Not unless
it's corrected.
And they didn't have
that advancement yet.
>>JAY: Right.
It does make sense.
>>RICE: They were
trying to work on energy
weapons in the early '40s.
The reptilian race was
helping the Germans--
required that, we want you to
build a base in Antarctica.
>>JAY: Dracos, are you saying?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: Reptilians or the Dracos?
Who are the Draco?
>>RICE: The Draco are a
group of alien entities
that are reptilian involved.
They range in height
from 8 to 14-feet tall.
It's my understanding
that there are also
some variations of them
that are shorter than that.
Some of them have
vestigial tails and wings.
>>JAY: OK, so the Dracos
are now in an alliance
with the Germans,
beginning of the 1940s?
>>RICE: Yes, and working
together with them.
>>JAY: OK, so they
had gone to Antarctica
in 1938, the first polar
expedition by the Germans.
And you're saying in
the early '40s they were
told to make the base there?
>>RICE: They were told
to build a base there.
And so they built a
base under the ice,
capable of sustaining upwards
of 3 to 400,000 people.
>>JAY: Whoa.
>>RICE: And so they started
stocking it out and building it
out.
And the purpose for that--
and of course, the Draco didn't
tell them this at the time,
but they wanted to have
a proxy in place that
would help them recover some
of the alien technologies that
were down there--
are down there.
>>JAY: I see.
And they were-- of course,
nobody knows about the place,
so you could work with no one
knowing what you're doing.
>>RICE: Nobody around.
That's right.
>>JAY: It's the perfect place.
>>RICE: That's right.
So the end of the
war marked a period
where the group
that was down there
said, thankfully,
we can get away
from this self-destructive
government.
We can run things
the way we want to,
working on their base defenses,
working on their technology.
By 1947, they had mastered
the mobile platform weapons,
so that they were able to
outfit their anti-gravity craft
with these weapons.
>>JAY: Now, they have this
very serious advantage as far
as weaponry.
>>RICE: That's right.
Weapons, platforms.
They outclassed anything and
everything else on the planet.
>>JAY: So we're now in '46, '47.
It's after World War II
and a lot of UFO sightings
are starting to happen--
Maury Island and Roswell.
Are these associated
with the Germans?
>>RICE: From what I
understand, some of them are.
>>JAY: Did they then alert
the governments of the world
where they were located?
>>RICE: They didn't tell
them where they were.
>>JAY: I see.
>>RICE: But through
either espionage,
or through other sources,
through capturing people
that were in and out of South
America, they found out.
The rest of the world did.
>>JAY: And the United States
in particular find out.
>>RICE: Specifically.
Yes.
>>JAY: And then, what did the
United States do about it?
The fact that their enemy is,
like, creating a base on Earth
and they're not
taking care of it?
>>RICE: Well, within a year
after the end of World War II,
they had already
started making plans
for sending a fleet down to
Antarctica to finally do away,
in their minds, with these
pesky Germans once and for all.
And so Operation Highjump
was the result of that.
>>JAY: And who led
this expedition?
>>RICE: Admiral Byrd.
>>JAY: Admiral Byrd?
Right.
So what happened
when he got there?
>>RICE: When they got down
there in late November,
they started setting
up their base
and establishing where they
were going to be operating from.
And they found the
German base and so ensued
a small action on the part of
a few UFOs that were actually
armed with direct
energy weapons--
destroyed one ship,
killed a number of people,
and sent the entire
fleet packing back
to the United States.
And that was the point at which
the Antarctic Germans started
negotiating with essentially the
Cabal, the rest of the world.
>>JAY: So Operation
Highjump essentially became
operation hightail.
>>RICE: Hightail.
It did.
>>JAY: Yes.
So Byrd-- then he comes
back to the United States.
And UFO sightings now really
start increasing-- abductions.
What people don't realize is
even Betty and Barney Hill--
when they were abducted,
one of the things
that characterizes
these missing people
is that they have a
German background.
So are they stealing
people of German descent?
>>RICE: Yes, there's a
lot of German descent
or German genetics
involved with those
that either are part
of the current SSP,
or those that were abducted.
Part of the
negotiations that were
occurring between the Antarctic
Germans and the Cabal--
essentially, the Cabal were
given the list of requirements.
It established them as
a sovereign country.
It established embassies in
every country around the world.
Another thing that
was required was
that there would be between
one and five senior executives
from the Antarctic
German civilization, that
would be put into position
of senior executives
for every corporation around
the world that was aerospace,
automobile, petro-chem.
Basically, every major and
main industry on the planet
now had between one and
five senior executives
that were Mars Germans.
>>JAY: And I would guess
that Operation Paperclip is
a result of this treaty.
>>RICE: Operation Paperclip
was the first stage of it.
>>JAY: And what is
Operation Paperclip?
>>RICE: Operation
Paperclip involved
integrating German scientists,
and technicians, and engineers
into corporations
of the Western world
and getting them passports,
and setting them up
with homes and jobs, and
basically, paving the way,
opening the doors, and
laying out the red carpet.
>>JAY: It was basically
the United States.
And the Germans had
targeted the United States
for its resources.
>>RICE: That's right.
They knew that the
manufacturing and resource
abilities of the United
States were vastly larger
than any other
country at the time.
>>JAY: So logical to infiltrate,
take over, and then use
all of those corporations
to enhance your power.
>>RICE: That's right.
The late '40s were
the same time period
that the Mars Germans started
planning for and building
their bases on the
moon as well as Mars.
And it was during
the late '40s period
that the Germans, when
they went to the moon,
discovered a couple of things.
They found out, number
one, that the moon
is an artificial
satellite construct.
And it was not originally
part of the Earth.
It was brought there from
somewhere else as an escape
ship.
And that it is built out inside.
And most of the real estate
is already spoken for.
And so when they were
wanting to find a base,
they couldn't find space.
So the dozens of alien
races that are on the moon
and have bases on the moon--
they jealously guard
their property.
There's no fighting.
But if you try and take
over somebody else's land,
they're allowed to
defend themselves.
>>JAY: Sure.
>>RICE: And the Mars Germans
did not have technology
to take that kind of fight.
So they had to find somebody
that was willing to part
with some of their land.
And turns out that the Draco
either bribed, blackmailed,
or manipulated it so that the
only race the Germans could go
to, to ask for-- was the Draco.
And so the negotiations
that ensued
between the Draco
and the Mars Germans
was for 20 acres of land.
And the Draco were
originally asking
for 225 females and 50
years of first refusal
rights for the technology
that the Germans
uncover in Antarctica.
Well, the Germans
immediately said
there's no way we're
giving you 225 females.
First off, it's a
practical matter.
We need as many
childbearing females
as we can to
continue our society.
So six months later, they
were able to hammer out
a deal where the Antarctic
Germans provided 150 males, 75
females, and they
gave the Germans 25
years of first refusal
rights of the technology.
>>JAY: The technology that was
under the ice in Antarctica?
>>RICE: It was under the ice.
They had-- in a lot
of circumstances
looked like a rock.
They didn't know what they had.
>>JAY: Sure.
>>RICE: What later
the Germans found out
is that there were at
least six other races that
would have given them
twice the amount of space
for not a single person and
one-year worth of first refusal
rights.
So the Germans were
suckered horribly.
The stories that my friend
told me during the exchange
was very eye opening as
to the type of beings
that they were dealing with.
>>JAY: Why did the
Dracos want these people?
What's the purpose?
>>RICE: They wanted to
use them for experiments.
They wanted to use
them for manipulations.
>>JAY: Experiments?
>>RICE: They wanted to
use them for food source.
There's any number of reasons
why they wanted to use them.
>>JAY: For basically slaves?
>>RICE: Slaves, slave
labor, for their own form
of entertainment, and the many
forms that dark forces or dark
agents want to abuse, or
use, or control, or destroy.
Those were the reasons.
>>JAY: That's really disturbing.
>>RICE: It was very disturbing
to think that those people that
were in negotiations.
Because I asked my
friend about that.
Well, what did the
negotiators think?
You're handing over your
people to an unknown fate.
And his response
was they were there.
It was all business.
And besides, none
of their families
were going to be the
ones turned over.
>>JAY: Do we know where
they got these people?
>>RICE: It was from their
own citizenry at that point.
>>JAY: Oh, really?
So it was Germans.
Were they demanding German?
>>RICE: No, no, but that
was all they had access to
at that early stage.
>>JAY: I see.
And the abductions that happened
later that really started
ginning up in the
'50s and '60s--
is this possibly--
>>RICE: Part of that maybe, or
maybe additional agreements.
My suspicion is
that it was related
to agreements with
other alien races
or for their own
testing purposes.
>>JAY: You mentioned
the Vril Society.
So the Vril Society had
somebody channeling?
>>RICE: Yes.
Maria Orsic was the channel
that they were using.
>>JAY: So this early channeling
was from extraterrestrials?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: And it was
real information
that they were giving?
>>RICE: It was.
And they doubted it
at first, until they
started building out what was
included in the blueprints.
And the drawings that were
made that were channeled
were engineering drawings
that included sizes,
and dimensions,
information on materials.
It included
everything they needed
to do to recreate these craft.
>>JAY: And was Maria Orsic using
this information, because she
wanted to conquer the world?
Or what was her point in
channeling this information
from these ETs?
>>RICE: It's my
understanding that
these original secret societies
were interested in advancing
the human experience,
and that they
weren't primarily interested
in conquering or controlling
other people.
Unfortunately, world
events turned out such
that they happened to
be stationed or located
within a country that was
hell bent on world domination.
And so for their
own survival, they
had to turn over and help
the Third Reich develop
these advanced technologies.
>>JAY: It should also be
noted that the Germans have
had a fascination with this
stuff for 120 years now.
>>RICE: More so.
Yeah, there were
newspaper articles
about the ships that were
traveling up and down the West
Coast and all the way
as far east as Texas.
And, yeah, there were
a lot of information
out there about anti-gravity
or advanced technology
going back to the 1800s.
The German advancement
of that technology
while the Vril Society
and some of the others
were channeled information,
that the Germans later did
have direct contact
with the Draco
and direct individual
interactions
with those alien races.
And it included help on
some of their projects,
help with the technologies
that they needed,
help with memory
wiping technology,
a number of various medicine,
transportation, communications,
weaponry.
The positively
oriented aliens that
were trying to advance
the human race--
they provided some of the
technology about anti-grav.
They did not-- the Germans--
they didn't get destructive
technology from those aliens.
They got weapons and the
weaponizing technologies
from other ones-- from
the Draco, specifically.
>>JAY: And it can be
said, without a doubt,
that there's never been an
explosion of technology that
occurred from 1938 to 1945--
television, nuclear
weapons, lasers.
There were so many things
that the Germans were--
>>RICE: Microwaves.
>>JAY: --working on.
It was--
>>RICE: You name it.
>>JAY: --amazing.
>>RICE: There were
so many of them.
>>JAY: And right now, we
are 1951 or so in our story.
And we know we've--
developing these anti-gravity
vehicles and other things.
So the United States is
being changed by this ordeal.
Historically, a very
pregnant moment.
>>RICE: Yes, absolutely.
The late '40s marked
a very crucial moment
in the development of the
Antarctic German civilization.
That was when they
started building out
their bases away from Earth.
They wanted to build
a base on the moon
and had to find
somebody that was
willing to give up real estate.
And those that--
Draco were the
ones that they were
able to get real estate from.
And the deal that they made
was for a 100-year lease.
The agreement included
assistance with technology.
The Draco weren't going to
hand over advanced technology
to them.
They were providing them with
assistance on the advanced
technologies and had
continued to do that.
The story that
Yohan relayed to me
about the very disturbing
exchange that happened--
the Antarctic Germans
did not tell the people
that were being traded
what they were doing
and where they were going to.
They had 53 guards that
were there that were armed.
The Dracos showed up.
They herded all these
people into a cavern
that they were
supposed to meet at
and activated some type of stun
device, which froze everybody
in place.
The images that they
were psychically
sending to everybody
in that cavern
were only able to be told about.
Because two of the guards
were outside the field
radius when it happened.
The images that they were seen--
that were sent included human
on human mutilation, assault,
cannibalism.
Just about every type of
deprivation and mutilation
imaginable was sent
to these people.
>>JAY: Psychically?
>>RICE: Psychically of
their own family members.
>>JAY: Why would they do that?
>>RICE: They wanted
to scare them,
because they thought
it was funny--
is the only thing I can think--
is that there was some-- to
them it was entertaining.
So the two guards that
were outside the field ran.
There were three that were
outside the field initially,
but one of them on
his way to the exit
was caught by the field.
>>JAY: Caught in the field?
>>RICE: Caught in the field.
The Draco that were there
to pick up their subjects
were in full battle armor.
And so there was nothing
that any of those guards
could have done to harm them,
much less try and protect
the people.
Besides, they were
there to turn them over.
The two guards that did survive
were never the same afterwards.
In fact, they weren't able
to be conscious without going
into extreme distress
or going psychotic.
And it took, from
what I understand,
about a year for them
to get to a point
where they wouldn't go
into a catatonic state.
Coincidentally, they both
suicided about five years
later.
And so all told that they--
the Draco took 278 souls,
and that repeated requests
by the Germans about
the whereabouts
or the remains were
never answered.
So these were the type of
beings that the Germans
were dealing with.
And they'd vowed
from that day forward
that they would never
exchange their own people
if they needed to.
And eventually, they would.
And so they would find
other sources of people
to be used as pawns.
So that was in the late '40s.
And that got them
the 20 acres of land
on the moon to build the
Lunar Operations Command.
>>JAY: Well, that has to
be a pretty pivotal moment
for this whole thing, because
you're finally off-planet.
And you have a base
off-planet, which
can allow you to then go
to other places in a much
easier fashion.
>>RICE: That's correct.
That was also
around the same time
they started perusing
for Mar's real estate.
The problem with
Mars is that there
are sections of the planet
that are highly energetic.
And you can't build anything
with electronics, because
of the charged particles
in the atmosphere.
So there's only certain areas
that they can build out.
Unfortunately, for them at
that time, they were occupied.
So they had to create
a big bridgehead
and fight for the property
that they wanted--
the land that they needed.
>>JAY: Who did they fight?
>>RICE: Oh, they
were alien races.
>>JAY: Really?
On Mars?
>>RICE: On Mars.
>>JAY: Not Draco?
>>RICE: Not Draco.
>>JAY: Do you know
what they looked like?
>>RICE: I don't know.
>>JAY: Did the Germans
succeed in this battle?
>>RICE: It took them
about 10 years--
>>JAY: Really?
>>RICE: --and cost them over
17,000 lives in doing it.
And 17,000 may not sound
like a large number.
But if you do
percentage wise, it
accounts for all of the
allies' losses in World War II,
percentage wise--
>>JAY: Percentage wise?
>>RICE: --of their population.
So it was a large number.
And it was also the
most productive,
the youngest, the most active
portions of their society.
So they were reeling
from those losses
when they first established
their Mars base.
And as a result, they
stepped up their negotiations
with the Cabal, because
they needed not only
to have a final treaty, but
primarily, they needed people.
They needed active people that
can do what they needed to do.
So they stepped up
their negotiations
with the Cabal, which accounts
for the extremely large number
of UFO sightings
in the early '50s,
and including the 1952 mass
sighting over Washington, DC
itself over two weekends.
>>JAY: And you think
that was the Germans?
>>RICE: That was the Germans.
>>JAY: To show a force?
>>RICE: Show a force.
They were trying
to force the hand.
And they still could not
get the Cabal to talk.
>>JAY: Well, that seems
to be about the time,
though, that the
back of their Cabal
was broken by the Germans.
>>RICE: Yes.
And Yohan seemed to think
that the final straw--
because the Antarctic Germans
kept telling the Cabal, look,
we've got nukes.
You don't want to test us.
And they didn't believe it.
So what they did was
provided a demonstration
strike on a lonely, single,
heavy cruiser returning
from Bikini Atoll, from one
of the US's own nuclear tests.
And they dropped a
small yield device,
close enough that the
EMP disabled the ship.
What they had was they
had four of their saucers
on station at 60 kilometers.
It's what Yohan told me.
It's about 200,000 feet.
They fired the munition.
And the three of them stayed
on station at altitude.
They waited for it to explode.
And then after they had
enough time to safely go down,
one of the UFOs--
the Germans' UFOs descended
within five seconds down
to within 100 feet of the
stricken heavy cruiser.
The heavy cruiser
crew tried shooting
at the one UFO with the weapons
that were still operational,
and they couldn't hit it.
So they gave up and went
about repairing the ship,
so they could limp
back to Hawaii.
>>JAY: And what is an EMP?
>>RICE: An electromagnetic pulse
is an invisible energy field
that emanates from
a nuclear detonation
that interrupts
electronics, melts wires,
basically wreaks havoc on
anything that's modern.
>>JAY: So they killed the ship?
>>RICE: They killed the
ship without destroying it.
>>JAY: As a
demonstration of power?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: So you're
bringing up this idea
that I think it might
be surprising to people.
And I think a lot of people
think that the Antarctic
Germans are part of the Cabal,
but in fact, they aren't.
>>RICE: They're not.
>>JAY: Are they
against the Cabal?
>>RICE: They were very
vehemently against the Cabal.
And in fact, Yohan
referred to them
as the Earth's shite royals
They didn't like them at all.
>>JAY: They didn't
like the Cabal at all?
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: And they blamed the Cabal
for what happened to Germany?
>>RICE: Yes, following World
War I and losing World War II.
>>JAY: Right.
What did Yohan say the Germans
on Mars were the most proud of?
>>RICE: They were proud of
not being a part of the Cabal
and being able to dictate
terms to the Cabal.
>>JAY: So they liked being
an adversary to the Cabal?
>>RICE: They did.
>>JAY: There's still a
base up on Mars right now.
>>RICE: Yes.
Yes.
They sent these messages to all
the royal families in Europe.
They sent it to the President
of the United States.
They sent it to the prime
minister of Germany.
They sent it to the head of the
Communist Party of the USSR.
And so they were
making sure that there
was no misunderstanding
that what they intended,
what they were capable of.
And they didn't
want the US to say,
oh, no, we never got a message.
We didn't get anything.
So the cat was out of
the bag at this point.
The entire world knew
what they were capable of
and what they were wanting.
And they were wanting
a formalized treaty.
>>JAY: And they got it.
>>RICE: They got it.
>>JAY: Soon after.
>>RICE: Very soon after.
It took about four years
to get the wording right--
1954 to 1959--
four or five years.
And the Antarctic Treaty is the
result of those negotiations.
>>JAY: And what was
given and what was
taken in these negotiations?
>>RICE: Well, the non-publicized
portion of the treaty
includes, again, reaffirming
the sovereign nation
of the Antarctic Germans.
It required the Cabal
to provide upwards
of 150 to 200,000 people
to the Antarctic Germans.
And these weren't dregs
of society either.
They had very specific IQ and
physical requirements of people
that they wanted.
>>JAY: And this was in the '50s?
>>RICE: This was the brain
drain of the 1950s and '60s.
>>JAY: '60s, actually.
That's when the brain drain
started, around '60, '61.
I see.
OK.
>>RICE: Yeah, late '50s.
>>JAY: Makes a lot of sense.
>>RICE: 1959.
They also increased
their requirement
from not just senior
executives, but they now
wanted between one and
five board member seats
on all the corporations that
they had senior executives in.
They also required a
permanent, lifetime position
within the executive
branch of each government
on the planet that
was a Mars German.
And so it solidified
their positions
within the governments.
So now, they had
people that were
within each of these companies.
And it wasn't hard for
them to work their way up
from vice president
to president,
because they give their people
some advanced technologies
to take to their companies.
And now, they're fast-tracked,
because they are these
brainchilds that brought
this wonderful product--
A or B to the table.
And now, the company is
making a lot of money,
so it self propagates.
>>JAY: Yeah.
That's still going
on, by the way.
>>RICE: And it's still going on.
Absolutely.
>>JAY: So was the Cabal
worried about these traders
coming in and mixing with
their people and all that?
They must have been concerned.
>>RICE: They were concerned.
But the Cabal took it as--
looking at it from
the long game.
They knew that they've survived
for close to a thousand years
already through regime
change, wars, you name it.
They've survived, and thrived,
and maintained their control.
So they were looking at
it from the long game.
There were two operations that
traveled down to Antarctica
during these negotiations--
Operation Deep Freeze I and
Operation Deep Freeze II.
>>JAY: Deep Freeze.
>>RICE: And those were,
again, the smokescreen
for exploration, where
actually they were part
of the negotiations involved.
One of the Cabal members
died of a heart attack
during the negotiations
out of fear
from things coming
forward and going public.
So they ended up
with these positions
with a permanent seat
in the government.
They ended up with upwards
of 150 to 200,000 people
to be delivered where
and when they wanted.
>>JAY: And where
did these people go?
>>RICE: These people turned
into the factory workers--
non-desirable jobs that their
society didn't want to have.
They filled the manufacturing,
for housekeeping, any of what
would be considered menial
jobs that their people were
too busy, or doing other
things, or didn't want to do.
>>JAY: So we're in the '60s.
Well, the Cabal is
doing this kind of--
being a double agent.
They're acting like they're
OK with all of this.
But at the same time, they're
probably developing everything
on their own.
>>RICE: They were trying to.
Absolutely.
They were scheming.
Again, thinking
from the long game,
they knew that there
was nothing that they
could do at that point.
And the thought of this
information going public
was not palatable to them.
So the only alternative
they had was destruction
in order to go along with it.
So what they did was
they couldn't do anything
immediately, because
the major technology
advantage that the
Germans had at that time
was the mind wipe technology.
Anything and everything
that was developed,
no matter how classified, was
subject, or had opportunity,
or there was a
chance it could leak.
The Antarctic Germans
had people in all
of these different positions.
So they knew all of the
advanced technologies
that were being developed.
That's why you see so many of
these classified programs that
to the outside world
had so much promise.
But why did they stop
or kill the project?
Well, it's either because it
was infringing on the Antarctic
Germans' technologies, or it
was taken over by the Antarctic
Germans and moved
to their facilities
and away from the public
and the rest of the world.
>>JAY: So it's safe to
say the Cabal is also
forming a secret space
program, or at least they're
planning on it.
>>RICE: They were putting
the plans together.
But they had to
overcome that one
handicap that was
limiting them--
that mind wipe technology.
>>JAY: And the Germans had to
have been way more advanced
technologically over
the Cabal at this stage,
just because they're in
alliance with the Draco.
And they're getting
all this inside info.
And they're pretty good at being
engineers themselves anyway.
>>RICE: That's right.
That's right.
They were able to
manipulate and control
what technologies got
released to which governments.
And the ones that they wanted
to keep for themselves--
they had contacts and people
in the governments that
would force the programs to
be shut down in the budget,
because, well, they wanted
to take them private.
They wanted to move them
into their facilities.
>>JAY: All right.
So the Germans now have a base
on Mars, a base on the moon.
They're in league
with the Draco.
They're against the Cabal.
They're playing a
dance with the Cabal,
though, even though
they're against them.
>>RICE: That's right.
>>JAY: We're moving forward
now and into the '70s.
>>RICE: And in the early '70s,
that marked the time period
when the Antarctic Germans'
25-year first refusal
rights with the Draco ended.
And so they were able to
focus more of their attention
on building and more advanced
technologies themselves.
That's when they
started building out
their fleet of interstellar
ships and crafts.
So through the '70s,
the rest of the Cabal
were trying to bury money
through the Space Race program.
And make no mistake.
At the highest levels, there
was friendly communications
between the East and West--
the USSR and the USA.
And they had a
common enemy, which
was the Antarctic Germans.
And so they both used
their enormous budgets
for their Space Race
program to funnel
and poor money into these
secret projects and which,
ultimately, they were
wanting to try and build up
their own space
faring abilities.
It still came down to having
that mind wipe technology.
And at the end of
the 1970s, that's
when the Cabal moved
and actually acquired
one of the mind wiping
technology wands
from the Antarctic Germans.
They were able to
sneak aboard a shuttle.
There were thousands of people
across the planet involved.
But just like the
Manhattan Project,
which had over 100,000
people working on it,
there were only a
handful of people
that knew the full scope of it.
So same principle here.
There were hundreds of
thousands of people involved
in this project in some
way or remote form,
but they didn't know what
the ultimate goal was.
They were a total of five people
that knew the actual scope
and goal of the plan.
There were three CIA operatives
and two KGB operatives.
And those three were
guarded around the clock
until the operation
was completed.
But what they did was
they were able to sneak
aboard an Antarctic German
shuttle and disable the crew,
obtain one of these
devices, and then cause
a self-destruct on the shuttle,
which was probably just a bomb
placed on the outside
of the fusion bottle,
and disintegrated in
a ball of gas and fire
higher than the sun
over the Pacific.
Yohan believes that they
did a high-low jump--
high-altitude, low opening
out of the shuttle.
So that's how they got their
hands on it without having
any fingerprints.
So it took them three
years to reverse engineer
that technology.
And then, of course,
the scientists
that were working
on it got to be
the first victims of the
technology in which they
were mind wiped--
had no idea that they
were even involved in such
a large technological advance.
>>JAY: Why were they so
interested in the mind wipe?
>>RICE: Well, because then
they were able to assure that
their technologies--
because they
knew they had holes and leaks,
and that the Antarctic Germans
infiltrated every level of
their classified programs.
And so they had no means of
protecting themselves or being
able to develop
things in secret.
Because the Antarctic Germans
knew every project and program
they were working on, they
were able to manipulate
and either kill the project
and take it private,
or just do away with it.
So having that technology
allowed them to now
have clandestine operations,
and programs, and R&D projects,
where they were fairly assured
that the knowledge of it
wasn't going to get out.
And so that accounts for
the technological advances
in the early '80s.
It allows-- it accounts
for the original holes
that they started building
for Operation Solar Warden.
Incidentally, as
soon as the device
was in the hands of the
Cabal, all of but two
of the agents that knew the
full scope of the program
were mysteriously
killed, or died, or--
>>JAY: The five agents?
>>RICE: The five.
All but two.
Two CIA agents survived, but
lived the rest of their lives
in hiding.
>>JAY: So you're
saying there really
wasn't a Cold War either.
It was like a facade.
>>RICE: That's correct.
That was a means for them to
siphon off and funnel money
into their black projects
or into developing
advanced technologies.
>>JAY: And we've been working
with the Russians in secret,
then, for a long time?
>>RICE: Yeah, we have.
>>JAY: So what's Solar Warden?
>>RICE: Operation Solar
Warden was the Earth's version
of a space fleet, in which
they were getting into space
and actually able
to start building
holes to further their
projection of power
out from the planet.
>>JAY: And this is probably what
Reagan was referring to in his
diaries where he said that--
he then briefed and told
there was a space shuttle that
could house 300 men.
>>RICE: That's right.
That's exactly what
he was referring to.
>>JAY: So this was
late '70s, early '80s
that Solar Warden is
beginning to be formed?
>>RICE: That's right.
>>JAY: So is Solar Warden
solely the United States'
program or the Cabal's program?
Or who is behind Solar Warden?
>>RICE: The Solar Warden was
a United States operation.
>>JAY: And its point
was to emulate what
the Germans had already done?
>>RICE: That's correct--
and to try and advance
their own technologies
and project their power
onto other planetary
surfaces as well as
through our own solar system.
>>JAY: And did the United
States succeed at this?
>>RICE: They did.
They created their own fleet.
>>JAY: Did the United States
have a base on the moon
like the Germans did?
>>RICE: They did.
Eventually, they got one.
In the mid-1980s in 1986,
the Antarctic Germans
had been researching
and studying.
They knew that something
was wrong with the shuttle
explosion over the
Pacific shuttle.
>>JAY: Right.
Where they stole the wand?
>>RICE: Where they
stole the wand.
They knew that something
wasn't right about it,
but they couldn't
prove how or who.
So it took them eight years,
but they did find out how.
And it came back
to that shuttle.
And it took them a
little while longer
to figure out the who-- was.
And when they did,
they did two things.
They sent a message to
the two perpetrators--
the USA and the USSR.
And they moved all of
their manufacturing and R&D
off-planet to their
facilities on Mars.
The space shuttle Challenger
destruction in February of 1986
was the first message.
And the destruction
of the cooling towers
at Chernobyl in the USSR
was the second message.
Both of them were done from
orbit from an orbital platform.
And the Antarctic Germans
would have done more,
except they were worried about
the cowboy president resorting
to nukes.
>>JAY: But they took
that shuttle explosion
as a precursor to the idea that
they had better take everything
off Earth and get out.
>>RICE: Yeah.
Well, they knew
that the mind wipe
technology was out of
the bag and in the hands
of multiple other countries.
And so along with those--
the destruction
of the Challenger
and the destruction of
the cooling towers--
each of the leaders of the
governments of those two
countries received
a plain brown box.
Inside the box was a
non-operational memory
wipe device with the Antarctic
German coat of arms on it.
And stamped on the outside
was the exact date and time
of the shuttle explosion
eight years prior.
>>JAY: Well, it's been an
a eye-opening episode here,
Jason Rice.
Thanks for everything
that you do.
>>RICE: Oh, thank
you for having me.
It's all about full disclosure.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> We do have a oneness that's
connected, a same vibration,
a same frequency.
>>RICE: They were planning
on creating trauma, wreaking
havoc, decreasing
the population,
and forcing the
survivors to acquiesce
to what their demands were.
>> The ETs visiting us are
coming here for not only
biologicals, but they're
coming here for our technology.
Humans are making
technology that we're
selling to non-terrestrials.
[THEME MUSIC]